feat(observability): OpenTelemetry logs (#7583)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/opentelemetry/overview/_index.md

    -d '{
      "name": "opentelemetry",
      "config": {

>       {% if_version lte:3.7.x %}"endpoint": "http://<opentelemetry-backend>:4318/v1/traces",{% endif_version %}
>       {% if_version gte:3.8.x %}"traces_endpoint": "http://<opentelemetry-backend>:4318/v1/traces",
>       "logs_endpoint": "http://<opentelemetry-backend>:4318/v1/logs",{% endif_version %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        {% if_version lte:3.7.x %}"endpoint": "http://<opentelemetry-backend>:4318/v1/traces",{% endif_version -%}
        {% if_version gte:3.8.x %}"traces_endpoint": "http://<opentelemetry-backend>:4318/v1/traces",
        "logs_endpoint": "http://<opentelemetry-backend>:4318/v1/logs",{% endif_version %}
```
This should fix some display issues.

{% endif_version %}

#### OTLP exporter

The OpenTelemetry plugin implements the [OTLP/HTTP](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/protocol/otlp.md#otlphttp) exporter, which uses Protobuf payloads encoded in binary format and is sent via HTTP/1.1.

`connect_timeout`, `read_timeout`, and `write_timeout` are used to set the timeouts for the HTTP request.

`batch_span_count` and `batch_flush_delay` are used to set the maximum number of spans and the delay between two consecutive batches.

{% if_version gte:3.8.x %}
### Logging

This plugin supports [OpenTelemetry Logging](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/logs/), which can be configured as described in the [configuration reference](/hub/kong-inc/opentelemetry/configuration/#config-traces_endpoint) to export logs in OpenTelemetry format to an OTLP-compatible backend.

#### Log scopes

> Two different kinds of logs are exported: **Request** and **Non Request** scoped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two different kinds of logs are exported: **Request** and **Non-Request** scoped.
```

> The former are logs that are directly associated with requests, they are produced during the request lifecycle. Example: logs generated during a plugin's Access phase.
> The latter are logs that are not directly associated with a request, they are produced outside the request lifecycle. Examples logs generated asynchronously or during a worker's startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Request logs are directly associated with requests. They are produced during the request lifecycle. For example, this could be logs generated during a plugin's Access phase.
  * Non-request logs are not directly associated with a request. They are produced outside the request lifecycle. For examples, this could be logs generated asynchronously or during a worker's startup.
```

#### Log level

Logs are reported based on the log level that is configured for {{site.base_gateway}}. If a log is emitted with a level that is lower than the configured log level, it is not exported.

> > **Note:** not all logs are guaranteed to be exported, logs that are not exported include those produced by the Nginx master process and low-level errors produced by Nginx. Operators are expected to capture the nginx `error.log` file in addition to using this feature for observability purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** not all logs are guaranteed to be exported.  Logs that are not exported include those produced by the Nginx master process and low-level errors produced by Nginx. Operators are expected to capture the nginx `error.log` file in addition to using this feature for observability purposes.
```

> > **Note:** not all logs are guaranteed to be exported.  Logs that are not exported include those produced by the Nginx master process and low-level errors produced by Nginx. Operators are expected to capture the nginx `error.log` file in addition to using this feature for observability purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
> **Note:** Not all logs are guaranteed to be exported. Logs that are not exported include those produced by the Nginx master process and low-level errors produced by Nginx. Operators are expected to capture the Nginx `error.log` file in addition to using this feature for observability purposes.
```

#### Log entry

> Each log entry adheres to the [OpenTelemetry Logs Data Model](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/logs/data-model/). Available information depend on the log scope and on whether **Tracing** is enabled for this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each log entry adheres to the [OpenTelemetry Logs Data Model](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/logs/data-model/). The available information depends on the log scope and on whether [**tracing**](#tracing) is enabled for this plugin.
```

Every log entry includes the following fields:
- `Timestamp`: Time when the event occurred.
- `ObservedTimestamp`: Time when the event was observed.
- `SeverityText`: The severity text (log level).
- `SeverityNumber`: Numerical value of the severity.
- `Body`: The error log line.
- `Resource`: Configurable resource attributes.
- `InstrumentationScope`: Metadata that describes Kong's data emitter.
- `Attributes`: Additional information about the event.
  - `introspection.source`: Full path of the file that emitted the log.
  - `introspection.current.line`: Line number that emitted the log.

In addition to the above, request-scoped logs include:
- `Attributes`: Additional information about the event.
  - `request.id`: Kong's request ID.

> In addition to the above, when **Tracing** is enabled, request-scoped logs include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the above, when **tracing** is enabled, request-scoped logs include:
```

> - `TraceID`: Request trace id.
> - `SpanID`: Request span id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TraceID`: Request trace ID.
- `SpanID`: Request span ID.
```
